Updating Dashboard guildelines document (#5130)
elastic/integrations: docs/dashboard_guidelines.md

### Not too many visualizations per dashboard

Include only necessary visualisation inside a Dashboard and split them up (if possible) to other dashboards. Linking can be done:

* By using a Markdown visualization to improve performance
* Use [drilldowns](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/drilldowns.html) to connect dashboards where they make sense

### Out of date fields in dashboards

The dashboards must be updated to reflect any changes to field names or types. If a PR updates a field name or type, make sure it is correctly updated in any dashboard the field is being used into.

### Add Visualizations by value, not by reference inside a dashboard

Kibana visualizations can be added in a dashboard by value or by reference. Historically by value did not exist. Switching to value has the advantage that the dashboards are fully self contained and only need a single request to be installed.

To achieve this:

* Migrate existing dashboards from by reference to by value

> * Create new dashboards adding visualizations by value

Reviewer: Do we have a docs link here?

Reviewer 2: Should we mention this script ? https://github.com/flash1293/legacy_vis_analyzer

Author: > sure we add a note to the google docs that the content is now living here.

Updated docs

Reviewer 3: > @mrodm might have any more info on the above?

I don't know of any doc that could be added here that suggests to use dashboards by reference, sorry

Reviewer: The doc link I was referring to was more about docs how to create by value not about "why by value". Why we switch to by value is documented in some github issue but I don't think we have to reference these here.

### Use Margins

Kibana dashboards offer the possibility to apply margins between visualisations, we would suggest to always do that.
Margins create separation between charts which is an important visual feature, it helps identifying when two elements belong together or not while, at the same time, they provide more spacing and empty spaces that are always useful in making our interface more clean and elegant.

## Visualisation Best Practises

### Lens vs TSVB visualizations

**Always use Lens**, when possible. It's the best choice to be consistent and up to date and it should always be your first choice when creating new visualizations.

Migrate the dashboards from TSVB to Lens where possible. If it's not possible, please engage with the Kibana team to identify any gaps that prevent full TSVB to Lens dashboard migration.

### Visualizations should contain a filter

Kibana visualizations can define a filter to avoid performance issues querying all `metrics-*` or `logs-*` indices.

It is recommended to set a filter in each visualization at least by the required `data_stream.dataset`. More details about the Elastic data stream naming scheme [here][3].

> Avoid using general filters as possbile (filters with `-*`).  Combine multpiple fileds and values inside a filter with AND/OR operators. Altough your filter might become more complex, will avoid extra queries.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Avoid using general filters as possible (filters with `-*`).  Combine multiple fields and values inside a filter with AND/OR operators. Although your filter might become more complex, will avoid extra queries.
```

Example: 

![filter in visualization](./images/filter_in_visualization.png)

### Do not use “library visualizations”

Do not use the visualisations that show up in the `Analytics > Visualize library`. Instead define visualizations as part of the dashboard. This is the default when creating new panels by clicking “Add new visualization” on the dashboard. If some panels are already saved to the library, you can unlink them and delete them from the library. There are little use cases where library visualizations are preferable. It makes sense e.g. if a given visualization always has to be exactly the same on multiple dashboards or if its users frequently look at the visualization without looking at the whole dashboard.

### Use dashboard-native controls

> The **Input controls** visualization type is deprecated in favor of **Controls** embedded into the dashboard itself. The `Controls` dropdown in the Dashboard menu bar should be used. See the [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/add-controls.html) page for more information

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **Input controls** visualization type is deprecated in favor of **Controls** embedded into the dashboard itself. The `Controls` dropdown in the Dashboard menu bar should be used. See the [documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/add-controls.html) page for more information.
```
